# Project-438
18 MW Solar Power Plants in Karnataka M/s Asian Fab Tec Limited

Scale of the project activity: Large Scale Project

Project participants M/s Asian Fab Tec Limited.

Host Party India

Applied methodologies and standardized baselines ACM0002 : Grid-connected electricity
generation from renewable sources

Sectoral scopes 01 Energy industries (Renewable/Non -
Renewable Sources)

________________
The project activity titled ,18 MW Solar Power Plants in Karnataka M/s Asian Fab Tec Limited.
located in Village Bevinahalli , Tehsil sira, District Tumkur, State Karnataka, Country India.

The details of the registered project are as follows:
Company Name/ Plant Capacity(MW)/ Location /Commissioning Date
________________
Asian Fab Tec Limited / 3MW/ Bevinahalli, Sira, Tumkur, Karmataka/23.12.2016
_____________________
Asian Fab Tec Limited / 5MW/ Bevinahalli, Sira, Tumkur, Karmataka/23.12.2016
____________
Asian Fab Tec Limited / 15MW/ Bevinahalli, Sira, Tumkur, Karmataka/15 11.07.2017
_______________________________________
The power produced by the 3MW, 5MW and 15MW is evacuated at the Bevinhalli 11/66 KV Substation located at Bevinahalli, Sira, Tumkur, Karnataka.
____________________
The project activity displaces an equivalent amount of electricity which would have otherwise been
generated by fossil fuel dominant electricity grid. The estimated lifetime of the project activity is
considered as 25 years for solar technology. In the Pre- project scenario the entire electricity,
consumed by the customers or delivered to the grid by, would have otherwise been generated by the
operation of grid-connected power plants and by the addition of new generation sources.

The generation of power from solar photovoltaics is a clean technology as there is no fossil fuelfired or no GHG gases are emitted during the process. A photovoltaic module consists of several
photovoltaic cells connected by circuits and sealed in an environmentally protective laminate,
which forms the fundamental building blocks of the complete PV generating unit. Several PV
panels mounted on a frame are termed PV Array. Thus, project activity leads to a reduction the
GHG emissions as it displaces power from fossil fuel-based electricity generation in the regional
grid. The technological details have been provided in Section A.4. Since the project activity
generates electricity through solar energy, a clean renewable energy source it will not cause any
negative impact on the environment and thereby contributes to climate change mitigation efforts.

The Crediting Period of the Project activity is 10 years in which total estimated electricity
generation is 314,747 MWh and total GHG emission reduction estimated is 283,272 tCO2e. Also,
the annual average estimated emission reductions from project activity are 28,327 tCO2e/annum
with the average plant load factor of 20.5%.. 

This annual average net electricity generation and
annual average GHG emission reductions are with application of degradation factor of 0.70% from
second year
